feat(doc): added example of pushing to docker hub (#231)
upbound/docs: content/reference/cli/command-reference.md

xpkg pushed to upbound-docs/test:v0.2
```

> It's also possible to push to other repositories, such as docker hub.
> **Example**
> * Push a package called `getting-started.xpkg` to the test repository inside hub.docker.com. Mark it as version `v0.2`.
> 
> ```shell {copy-lines="1"}
> up xpkg push index.docker.io/dockeruser/test:v0.2 -f getting-started.xpkg
> xpkg pushed to index.docker.io/dockeruser/test:v0.2
> ```

Reviewer: I would put this as another point under the same `Examples` section instead of creating a new one.

Do you know how authentication is handled?

```suggestion
To push to other repositories, besides the Upbound marketplace, like Docker Hub, provide the full URL of the image registry. 

For example, to push a package to `index.docker.io`:
```shell {copy-lines="1"}
up xpkg push index.docker.io/dockeruser/test:v0.2 -f getting-started.xpkg
xpkg pushed to index.docker.io/dockeruser/test:v0.2
```
```
